1. Line 12 will print `3` in the console because on line 6, we declare `i` as a `var`, meaning its scope isn't limited to the `for` block and can be used outside of it. In the given example, `prices` has a length of 3, so the `for` loop will break once `i` reaches 3.
2. Line 13 will print `150` in the console. Since `discountedPrice` is a `var`, it can be used outside the block it was defined in. We can see that for each iteration of the for loop, `var discountedPrice = prices[i] * (1 - discount)`, so the value of `discountedPrice` will be for the last element of `prices`, which is `300`. If we plug it in with `discount = 0.5`, we get 300 * (1-0.5) = 150.
3. Line 14 will print `150` in the console. Since `finalPrice` is a `var`, it has a function scope. We set `finalPrice = Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100`. As seen in 2, the last value of `discountedPrice` will be `150`. Plugging this into `finalPrice`, we get `150`.
4. The function will return an array containing each element in `prices` after the discount and rounding is applied. The final result of `discounted` is `[ 50, 100, 150 ]`
5. This will cause an error. On line 6, we declare `i` as a `let`, making it block-scoped. Since the `for` block is lines 6-10 and line 12 is outside this block, we can no longer access `i` from this line, throwing an error.
6. This will cause an error. On line 7, we declare `discountedPrice` as a `let`, making it block-scoped. Since the `for` block is lines 6-10 and line 13 is outside this block, we can no longer access `discountedPrice` from this line, throwing an error.
7. Line 14 will print `150` in the console. Even though `finalPrice` is a `let` and it has a block scope, it is declared on line 4, which is not in any block (technically in the function's block). We set `finalPrice = Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100`. As seen in 2, the last value of `discountedPrice` will be `150`. Plugging this into `finalPrice`, we get `150`.
8. The function will return an array containing each element in `prices` after the discount and rounding is applied. The final result of `discounted` is `[ 50, 100, 150 ]`. Even though `discounted` is now a `let`, aswell as related variables like `finalPrice`, `i`, and `discountedPrice`, none of the related variables are called outside their respective block and `discounted` is declared outside any specific block, allowing us to use it anywhere in the function.
9. This will cause an error. On line 6, we declare `i` as a `let`, making it block-scoped. Since the `for` block is lines 6-9 and line 11 is outside this block, we can no longer access `i` from this line, throwing an error.
10. Line 12 will print `3` in the console because on line 4, we declare `length` as a `const`, meaning it's block-scoped and the value cannot be changed. However, line 4 isn't contained in any block, so it can be used throughout the function. `Length` is never changed in anyway, so no error there. Since `prices` contains 3 elements, `length` is 3.
11. The function will return `discounted` which is `[ 50, 100, 150 ]`. In the `for` loop, we are declaring and pushing `discountedPrice`. Even though it is a `const`, we are never changing its value after it is declared. Rather, we are just redeclaring it for each iteration of the loop, allowing us to "change" the value of `discountedPrice` for each iteration.
12. \n A. student.name
    B. student["Grad Year"]
    C. student.greeting()
    D. student["Favorite Teacher"].name
    E. student.coarseLoad[0]
